one of the topics that most call it the
attention to the sailors and
people who spend much of their time
near the sea or love to vacation
in it they probably have
asked if the existence is possible
of the so-called marine monsters
you need to have great knowledge about
these topics to understand that it is very
possible and that there are many more
possibilities that exist to be
only myths many of these assumptions
monsters could be seen even in
different maps made by sailors
different here I present the 10
most famous sea monsters of the
history
giant crab this is an animal that
live in the depths of the ocean
Pacific and the coasts of Japan
characterized by being blind to have an ear
very developed and have some hairs
sensitive to sound waves
submarines which allows you to capture
sound waves even when their own
ears can not do this animal
It is 4 meters long
this and loser
on the famous map of ortelius that
he did in the year 1603 he included a
detail of what he identifies as the
this and endures despite its fearsome
Ortelius teeth consider this animal
the most docile of the sea monsters
explaining that he helped the fishermen to
get your fish for the crew
it was also said that this fish did not look for
do any damage to the crew of
the ship
Rake and the well-known sea ​​monster
as hash com / news was drawn by sand
brendan because he allegedly landed
on his back on his ship and he took note
of the scaly ridges until
mind that it was not an island but a
big fish worth several meters long
mention that it bears a strong resemblance to
this and endures
sea ​​eagle after many years of
sightings it is said that this monster
marine is simply about a
stripe of a large size but without place
doubts it is about one of the creations
most appalling ones made by sailors
from different times it is said that the king
paid great rewards in exchange for
that one of these was captured and was
presented to the crowd
Sirens The Sirens are maidens
marinas that cheat mariners with
her great beauty and the sweetness of her singing
from the head to the navel has a body
of virgin and similar shape to the genus
human but have a scaly tail
fish that always hide in the sea the
Egyptians compared them with women and
birds later the church the
I compare with women and fish nowadays
this remains a great mystery
Sightings continue to be reported
about these mysterious beings
giant crocodile in July 1915
after a confrontation between two
warships's crew
winning ship celebrated their victory
but after a few minutes they could
watch as a huge monster came out
of the water and was preparing to attack the ship
otherwise the witnesses claim that it was
a large crocodile that could
sink what was left of the other vessel
almost sunk and shattered
of blog
during the cold war the forces
armed of the United States placed
numerous microphones anchored in the
ocean bottom in order to detect
Soviet nuclear submarines in 1997
when reviewing and fixing said microphones
a sound was detected in the South Pacific
very powerful to which scientists
they baptized as he bent the sound
descends slowly in a range of
almost subsonic frequency which
means that this sound was made by
an animal of Biblical lengths as the
sound according to the experts was made by
a giant animal
Ness Lake Monster
the lake ness monster familiarly
called month and is the name of a
legendary creature that is said to
lives in the lake ness a deep lake
of fresh water near the city of
inverness in scotland together with foot
big and the yeti month and is maybe the
most widespread mystery of the
cryptozoology most of
scientists and other experts claim that
the evidence that supports the existence of
nestlé are not convincing and consider
such reports frauds or
wrong identifications of creatures
real
the megalodon this is probably one
of the most fearsome monsters
sailors who have inhabited the planet
Well, this shark is considered
extinct managed to reach 18 meters of
long according to the remains found was
basically a white shark but a lot
bigger and more aggressive is said to have lived
in the prehistoric era but many
others say it's more recent
even others say that he lives
still very deep in the ocean
crack in the kraken is the sea monster
par excellence not only because it is the most
known but because the last
Studies indicate that it is real and that
today you can see him near
the surface of the sea this squid leaves
to giant squid as tiny
creatures it is said that this animal managed
sink several old pirate ships
also came the news that his
last attack was towards a military ship
aircraft carrier which was left with a
strong dent that was immortalized
in several photographs
all these sea monsters have been
feared by hundreds of sailors
worldwide
if you liked a video you can give me
I like it and it does not cost anything if you want
give a point of view or comment something
related to the topic just do it
subscribe for more content
this is 210 mysteries
[Music]